---
title: Donate!
draft: false
author: Mackenzie McFate
date: 2021-04-22T07:50:29-05:00
socialshare: false
weight: 140
menu:
  main:
    identifier: donate
    parent: about
    weight: 860
---

### Thank you for your support of The Wieting Theatre, a 501(c)(3) charitable organization.
##### **When you support The Wieting Theatre you support the arts in Tama County.**

**Your support helps:**

* Keep our movies affordable for attendees.
* Bring incredible live performances to our Tama-Toledo community.
* Our community outreach programs which enrich the lives of children and adults.
* Expand our offerings of the arts to the community.
* Support the upkeep and further renovation of the theatre space.

But we can't do it alone. As a not-for-profit organization, The Wieting Theatre depends on donor funding and volunteers.

**There are many ways you can help:**

* Individuals can make a cash donation today or set up a recurring donation on a monthly basis.
* Remember The Wieting Theatre in your estate plans.
* Volunteering your time by working at movies or performances.

***
# Donation Options

[Donate online - One-time or monthly!](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=E28RAEFST2Z7Q)

If you would prefer to do a monthly ACH withdrawal from your bank account, please download and print [this PDF form](/pledge-card.pdf), fill it out, and mail it to:

***The Wieting Theatre <br>
PO Box 387 <br>
Toledo, IA 52342***

One-time donations can be made by mail. Send checks to the address above.

### Double Your Impact!
If your employer offers a matching gift program you can double your gift to the Wieting Theatre.  Please mail us your completed matching gift form from your employer with your donation and we’ll take care of the rest!
